docs: proposed structure (#3884)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/walkthroughs/deploy-a-pipeline/deploy-with-google-cloud-functions.md

That's it! Have fun using dlt in Google Cloud Functions!

## Deploy as a webhook

A webhook is a way for one application to send automated messages or data to another application in real time. Unlike traditional APIs, which require constant polling for updates, webhooks allow applications to push information instantly as soon as an event occurs. This event-driven architecture enables faster and more responsive interactions between systems, saving valuable resources and improving overall system performance.

> With this `dlt` Google Cloud event ingestion webhook, you can ingest the data and load it to the destination in real time as soon as a post request is triggered by the webhook. You can use this cloud function as an event ingestion webhook on various platforms such as Slack, Discord, Stripe, PayPal, and any other as per your requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this `dlt` Google Cloud event ingestion webhook, you can ingest the data and load it to the destination in real time as soon as a post request is triggered by the webhook. You can use this cloud function as an event ingestion webhook on various platforms such as Slack, Discord, Stripe, PayPal, or any service that supports webhooks.
```

        data = request.get_json()

        Event = [data]

        pipeline = dlt.pipeline(
            pipeline_name='platform_to_bigquery',
            destination='bigquery',
            dataset_name='webhooks',
        )

        pipeline.run(Event, table_name='webhook') #table_name can be customized
        return 'Event received and processed successfully.'
    ```

7. Set the function name as "your_webhook" in the Entry point field.
8. In the requirements.txt file, specify the necessary packages:

    ```text
    # Function dependencies, for example:
    # package>=version
    dlt
    dlt[bigquery]
    ```

9. Click on "Deploy" to complete the setup.

> You can now use this cloud function as a webhook for event ingestion on various platforms such as Slack, Discord, Stripe, PayPal, and any other as per your requirement. Just remember to use the "Trigger URL" created by the cloud function when setting up the webhook. The Trigger URL can be found in the Trigger tab.

### 2. Monitor (and manually trigger) the webhook

To manually test the function you have created, you can send a manual POST request as a webhook using the following code:

> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```py
```
Should be python

import requests

webhook_url = 'please set me up!' # Your cloud function Trigger URL
message = {
    'text': 'Hello, Slack!',
    'user': 'dlthub',
    'channel': 'dlthub'
}

response = requests.post(webhook_url, json=message)
if response.status_code == 200:
  print('Message sent successfully.')
else:
  print('Failed to send message. Error:', response.text)
```

> > Replace the webhook_url with the Trigger URL for the cloud function created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Replace the `webhook_url` with the Trigger URL for the cloud function created.
```
